we're standing here in front of the
house of is Ali he's a Palestinian
Doctor Who has been arrested on January
the 7th now this door has been uh put up
by the family after the arrest happened
because the mother of iser says that the
Israeli forces have demolished the door
when they first came to arrest iser now
in addition they later returned late on
Monday and they took measurements of the
house they took also samples of the
cement now what we usually see happen
after Palestinians have been accused by
the Israeli forces of committing attacks
that leave casualties is that the
Israeli forces demolish their homes now
because this is an apartment in a big
building what is expected to happen is
not a fullon demolition but basically
making it impossible for anyone to use
this apartment now as a part of the raid
that took late on Monday they've rans
sacked the house this is only part of
the damage that they've left because the
family has started really rearranging
the house after the Israeli forces
raided it the mother says that they've
looked through the certificates and the
papers of iser now he is a doctor and
the mother says that there is little
evidence if any really to show that he
has been associated with the shooting
attack that took place on January the
7th that left one Palestinian casualty
but that Palestinian has an Israeli idea
there's a lot of worry amongst the barui
family as to when this demolition Could
Happen nahim Al jaaz
Ral make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer